When you want a little bit of just about everything, it just becomes a lifestyle! This gift box comes with our best-selling honey, two beeswax food wraps to help keep your other delicacies fresh and delicious, a beautifully embossed pillar candle, and a variety 3 pk of our beeswax lip balm! This incredible set makes the perfect gift for a loved one, or even a little pampering for yourself.

Foodie Bundle Includes (No substitutions)

(1) 1.5 lb (pint) jar of Clover Honey
(1) Medium Beeswax Food Wrap (pattern may vary)
(1) Small Beeswax Food Wrap (pattern may vary) 
(1) Firm Foundation 100% Beeswax Candle
(3) Beeswax Lip Balms
Included: (1) Sweet Mint, (1) Vanilla, (1) Coconut
About Our Beeswax Wraps:

100% Natural Ingredients: Made from the finest beeswax resin and 100% cotton
Ideal for Food Storage: Beeswax and resin are naturally antimicrobial, antifungal, and antibacterial. Great replacement for plastic wrap.
Perfect for Everyday Use: Just rinse after use or lightly hand wash as directed above, air dry, and use again!
About Our Beeswax Candles:

100% Beeswax: Made from 100% pure beeswax with 100% Solid Cotton, Unbleached, Lead-Free Wick
Artisan Quality & Eco-Friendly: Handcrafted by local beekeepers, sustainable and environmentally friendly
Perfect for Everyday Use: Whether you are using these to add a bit of warm candlelight or using them as part of your decor, these candles create the perfect feel for your home and family.
About Our Beeswax Lip Balms:

100% Natural Ingredients: Made from the finest beeswax, our lip balms provide long-lasting moisture and protection.
Rich in Antioxidants: Enriched with Vitamin E and natural oils to help repair and rejuvenate dry, chapped lips.
Perfect for Everyday Use: Ideal for all seasons, our lip balms are designed to protect your lips from harsh weather conditions, ensuring they stay hydrated and healthy.
Our Honey Characteristics:

Unfiltered & Unadulterated - No additives or fillers. Retains some beeswax and pollen - commercial packers typically filter their honey to create a clear visually appealing product. 
Unprocessed - Never warmed over 118 degrees.  Commercial packers typically cook their honey at 140-160 degrees to deter crystallization.
Premium Quality - This isn't the generic mixed stuff you see at the grocery store. This is 100% pure, raw honey bottled by hand in small batches.
Packed in a Glass Airtight Jar with Security Seal- Helps to preserve quality and taste and to make shipping more economical.  Suitable for long term food storage.  Glass jar is reusable and reduces carbon footprint.  Glass Jar is made in America and supports American Manufacturing. 
Guaranteed Quality - If you aren't satisfied for any reason, please contact us for a full refund.
KOSHER - Certified Kosher by OK Kosher